fix(unpack): don't resolve promise if font unpack errors (#99)
seek-oss/capsize: .changeset/calm-ties-bow.md

---
'@capsizecss/unpack': patch
---

> Fixed a small bug where we were proceeding with unpack logic even when there was an error reading font metrics from disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**fromFile**: Resolve unpack metrics error when unable to read the font file.

Fixes an issue where reading the metrics from a file could fail but still attempt to unpack the metrics.
```
